Add tutorial on XCM teleports (#152)
zkVerify/zkverify-docs: docs/overview/04-token-bridging/02-token-teleport.md

From [PolkadotJS](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fvolta-rpc.zkverify.io#/explorer) navigate to `Developer-> Extrinsics` and select the `xcmPallet` pallet and the `teleportAssets` extrinsic:

![alt_text](./img/extrinsic_relay.png)

You can see that we need to supply 4 parameters: `dest`, `beneficiary`, `assets` and `feeAssetItem`. Let's start with the `dest` parameter:

#### Destination

![alt_text](./img/dest_relay.png)

This parameter specifies the target chain where the assets are being teleported. Let's select:

- `v5` as `dest: XcmVersionedLocation` from the scroll-down menu. New fields will pop-up. Let's set:
    - `parents` as `0`
    - `interior` as `X1` from the scroll-down menu. Then new fields will appear. Let's set:
        - `Parachain` as `0` field, from the scroll-down menu
        - We need finally to insert the ID of the `Parachain` we want to send the assets to, in the example is `1599`, but in case of VFlow it will be `1`.

Let's provide a brief explanation here:
- `dest` provides details about the destination of the message (we need to select the XCM version currently being used. V5 is the most-up-to-date at the time of writing).

>     - `parents` tells the Relay Chain XCM executor the destination location of the teleport. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `parents` tells the Relay Chain XCM executor that the following `interior` is relative to the Relay chain itself. 
```

Reviewer 2: Done
